Once upon a time there was an octopus named Paul. 
Paul could see the future as easily as he remembered the past and knew that free will was an illusion. 
But octopi don't care about free will as much humans do, so he was content to live out his destiny as...

the next greatest Pokemon avatar. His grandmother used to tell him stories about the old times, a time of
... peace between the Grass Kingdom, the Fire Nation, the Water tribe, and the Air Temple. But that 
all changed when the Fire Nation attacked. Only the Pokemon avatar mastered all four elements. Only he
could stop the fire pokemon, but when the world needed him most, he vanished. A hundred years have 
passed and the Fire Nation is nearing its dominion in the War. 5 years ago, my father and the men of 
our tribe traveled to the Grass Kingdom to help fight against the Fire Nation, leaving me and my sister
to look after the tribe. Some people believe that the Avatar never returned to the Air Temple, and that
the cycle is broken. But I haven't lost hope. I still believe, somehow, the Pokemon avatar will return
to save the world.(JLEE) 

(LKROES)
Breaking free of his eternal imprisonment deep in the frozen lands of the
Water Kingdom. He soon met a girl and her brother who were members of the
Water Tribe. They took him in to train him as the world's strongest pokemon. 
Unlike most pokemon, the octupi was able to master all four types: grass,
water, air, and fire. He began winning badges from all the gyms in the
Water Kingdom thanks to his new trainers. Gaining a lot of power, the trio
set off to win more badges from the trecherous Fire Kingdom...


(BLANG)
Though he was winning badges in the gyms, he still had a lot to learn.
Though he could use all four types, he was no master of air, fire, and earth.
While setting off they encountered fire pokemon from the fire kingdom.
They had imprisoned several earth pokemon and intended on taking paul and his friends.
The three were caged and it was there where paul learned the ways of the earth pokemon.
He eventually used his skills to break the cage and set everyone free.
The fire pokemon guards were no match.
The trio fled to what looked like a foggy area.
It was here where they encountered...

(GZENG2)
A friendly fire pokemon who had betrayed his Nation and was willing to 
teach Paul the way of the fire pokemon! When Paul finally mastered the four types, 
he challenged the tyrannical leader of the Fire Nation to a pokemon duel. 
Because he was psychic, he knew he would win, and he did. 
The land returned to peace and harmony and Paul retired to a comfortable life of sports betting. 
The end.


